okay I managed to get the dashboard put
back together enough to just kind of
hold it in place we need to put the
little faceplate on there of course but
it'll be good enough for test purposes
and here are the keys we've got the keys
so now let's give it a test let's see
what it'll do here we don't have any
fuel in the fuel system yet we're just
going to check the starter so let's see
what we go out here low air twelve point
six volts here we go yeah starter is
going to crank so now that that looks
like it's all okay we're going to put
some fuel in the fuel tank and see if
it'll fire up now I've got a little bit
of gas in the carburetor and got the
external fuel can mounted so let's give
it a shot
and now we're getting something let's
pull the choke out
oh yeah there we go
the engine is running got good charging
14 volts
rpm about 1900
oil pressure is okay
see
let's do a throttle check here
hey Idol speed looks good let's just go
up here and see what's going on
air compressor just venting air the
atmosphere so we're going to need to put
up the hose on there to cover that up so
we can build up some air pressure in the
air tanks but it sounds real good and
quiet I'm going to try and looks like we
may be burning some oil that good guts
and smoke come from the tailpipe
I'm going to go ahead and put the put
the hose on the air compressor so it can
build up some pressure maybe go for a
little run here and shut it off here
here's the fuel tank setup just like I
done on the other buses hook this up to
the input of the fuel pump to ensure we
get clean fuel and looks like we got a
little bit of a fuel leak there at the
carburetor better check that out before
I go any further just see where it may
be leaking from I think about a bit of a
leak at the flow Bowl on the Holley so
I'm not going to run it too long but
just look at how easily this starts up
the air pressure is increasing
see if I can get an update we get it up
to 60 air
I want to leak a little bit of a fuel
leak there so I don't want to run a.22
and the lower air indicator is off let's
see if we can go forward a little bit to
our first gear this year and we're going
to give it a little gas let up off the
clutch and it's and it's moving
apply the parking brake and I think it's
gonna run